docs: update "getting started" and "how to build" guides (#6389)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/getting-started.md

## Summary

> This guide walks through how you can get up and running with Apache APISIX.

Reviewer: This is a quick start guide to Apache APISIX. It will walk you through the basic steps to get up and running with Apache APISIX.

Author: Isn't the current change already capturing that intent of the guide?

The guide is divided into these three steps:

1. Installing Apache APISIX
2. Creating a Route and binding it with an Upstream
3. Verifying the results after binding with `curl`

> This docs also introduces some of the advanced features and operations in Apache APISIX like authentication, prefixing a Route, using the APISIX Dashboard, and troubleshooting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document also introduces some of the advanced features and operations in Apache APISIX like authentication, prefixing a Route, using the APISIX Dashboard, and troubleshooting.
```

}
```

## Pre-Requisites

> Before you jump head, make sure that you have your machine setup with these tools.

Reviewer: ahead

## Step 1: Install Apache APISIX

You can check out [Building Apache APISIX](./how-to-build.md) for different installation methods.

To get started quickly, we will install Apache APISIX with Docker and enable the [Admin API](./admin-api.md).

```bash
# Download the docker-compose file of Apache APISIX
git clone https://github.com/apache/apisix-docker.git
# Switch the current directory to the apisix-docker/example
cd apisix-docker/example
# Start Apache APISIX with docker-compose
docker-compose -p docker-apisix up -d
```

> Apache APISIX already supports ARM64 architecture. To run Apache APISIX on ARM64, run: `docker-compose -p docker-apisix -f docker-compose-arm64.yml up -d` instead of the last step above.

Please remain patient as it will take some time to download the files and spin up the containers.

Once Apache APISIX is running, you can use `curl` to access the Admin API. You can also check if Apache APISIX is running properly by running this command and checking the response.

```bash

> # Execute in your host machine (machine running Docker)

Reviewer 2: Would be better to add a**on** or **in** between `running` and `Docker` in the end of this sentence.
```suggestion
# Execute in your host machine (machine running Docker)
```

Author: We should be running the command on the machine that is running Docker right and **not** on inside the Docker container right?

Reviewer 2: OK cool. We can skip this comment.

> # Execute in your host machine (machine running Docker)

Reviewer 3: **on** looks more appropiate.

curl "http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/services/" -H 'X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1'
```

> This response indicate that Apache APISIX is running successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This response indicates that Apache APISIX is running successfully.
```

## Step 2: Create a Route

> [Routes](./architecture-design/route.md) matches to clients requests based on defined rules, loads and executes the corresponding plugins, and forwards the request to the specified upstream.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Routes](./architecture-design/route.md) matches the client's requests based on defined rules, loads and executes the corresponding plugins, and forwards the request to the specified upstream.
```

}'
```

> This configuration basically means that it will forward all matching inbound requests to the upstream service (`httpbin.org:80`) if they meet these specified criterions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This configuration means that it will forward all matching inbound requests to the upstream service (`httpbin.org:80`) if they meet these specified criteria.
```

Author: criteria --> criterion in plural?

}'
```

> We use `roundrobin` as the load balancing mechanism, and set `httpbin.org:80` as our Upstream service with an ID of `1`. See [Admin API](./admin-api.md) for more information about the fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We use `roundrobin` as the load balancing mechanism and set `httpbin.org:80` as our Upstream service with an ID of `1`. See [Admin API](./admin-api.md) for more information about the fields.
```

### Troubleshooting

You can try these troubleshooting steps if you are unable to proceed as suggested in the docs above.

Please [open an issue](/docs/general/contributor-guide#submit-an-issue) if you run into any bugs or if there are any missing troubleshooting steps.

> - Make sure that all required ports (**default 9080/9443/2379**) are available and is not used by other systems or processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make sure that all required ports (**default 9080/9443/2379**) are available. In other words, these ports are not used by other systems or processes.
```
